[oneMKL][spblas] Add `optimize_symv()` and `optimize_gemm()` routines in oneMKL specification. (#499)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneMKL/source/domains/spblas/gemmoptimize.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

.. _onemkl_sparse_optimize_gemm:

optimize_gemm
=============

Performs internal optimizations for oneapi::mkl::sparse::gemm by analyzing
the matrix structure.

.. rubric:: Description and Assumptions

The oneapi::mkl::sparse::optimize_gemm routine analyzes matrix structure
and performs optimizations. Optimized data is then stored in

> the handle.

Reviewer: lets explicitly add some language that discusses the two options here, and why either one exists (as well as talking about how the AB one should support calling with multiple B input size/shapes ...)

Author: Added a paragraph below.

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

.. _onemkl_sparse_optimize_gemm:

optimize_gemm
=============

Performs internal optimizations for oneapi::mkl::sparse::gemm by analyzing
the matrix structure.

.. rubric:: Description and Assumptions

The oneapi::mkl::sparse::optimize_gemm routine analyzes matrix structure
and performs optimizations. Optimized data is then stored in
the handle.

> In contrast to other optimization routines in Sparse BLAS domain,
> which are done only based on Sparse matrix structure,
> two version of ``optimize_gemm`` routines are listed here for preparing optimizations
> for oneapi::mkl::sparse::gemm routine,
> since we might perform optimizations for oneapi::mkl::sparse::gemm
> with respect to the shape and layout of the given dense matrix
> as well as based on sparse matrix structure only.
> If user wants to run multiple times oneapi::mkl::sparse::gemm with the same shape and layout
> of input dense matrix :math:`B`, then the latter version of ``optimize_gemm`` routine might
> give further performance optimization specific to the input dense matrix as well as
> the given sparse matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to other optimization routines in Sparse BLAS domain,
which are done solely based on the sparse matrix pattern, 
two versions of ``sparse::optimize_gemm`` routines are provided for preparing different
 optimizations for ``sparse::gemm`` routine.  In particular, if the shape
 of the dense matrix right hand side, :math:`B`, is unknown or widely varying in 
 subsequent calls to ``sparse::gemm`` then a user might reasonably
only wish to perform optimizations for ``:sparse::gemm`` with respect 
to the sparse matrix structure, but if one or more particular shapes of :math:`B` 
is available, then each :math:`B` shape can be provided as an additional hint 
along with the sparse matrix pattern in the call to ``sparse::optimize_gemm``.  This 
second version of the API with :math:`B` shape should be callable one or 
more times and may allow libraries to provide more targeted performance 
optimizations.
```

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

.. _onemkl_sparse_optimize_gemm:

optimize_gemm
=============

Performs internal optimizations for oneapi::mkl::sparse::gemm by analyzing
the matrix structure.

.. rubric:: Description and Assumptions

The oneapi::mkl::sparse::optimize_gemm routine analyzes matrix structure
and performs optimizations. Optimized data is then stored in
the handle.

> In contrast to other optimization routines in Sparse BLAS domain,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to other optimization routines in Sparse BLAS domain
```

which are done solely based on the sparse matrix pattern, 

> two versions of ``sparse::optimize_gemm`` routines are provided for preparing different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two versions of the ``sparse::optimize_gemm`` routine are provided for preparing different
```

 optimizations for ``sparse::gemm`` routine.  In particular, if the shape
 of the dense matrix right hand side, :math:`B`, is unknown or widely varying in 
 subsequent calls to ``sparse::gemm`` then a user might reasonably
only wish to perform optimizations for ``:sparse::gemm`` with respect 

> to the sparse matrix structure, but if one or more particular shapes of :math:`B` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the sparse matrix structure.  However, if one or more particular shapes of :math:`B` 
```
